rec: ZONEMD validation for Zone to Cache function (#11189)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/recursordist/docs/upgrade.rst

File descriptor usage
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The number of file descriptors used by the Recursor has increased because the Recursor now keeps idle outgoing TCP/DoT connections open for a while.

> The extra file descriptors used compared to previous versions of the Recursor is :ref:`setting-tcp-out-max-idle-per-thread` times the number of worker threads (:ref:`setting-threads`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extra file descriptors used in comparison to previous versions of the Recursor is :ref:`setting-tcp-out-max-idle-per-thread` times the number of worker threads (:ref:`setting-threads`).
```

But, it'd be better if a specific version of Recursor was mentioned? Is it 4.6?
